# DUCA Admin Panel Drafts

## Draft: Monitor Pull Requests
### Agent
Now that we have objects in a database denoting outstanding github issues that are being monitored. We need to create an object to monitor them. Let's create Core/GitHub/GitHubIssueMonitor. It should be a class that follows these rules. 5 minutes after an issue has been created and every 30 seconds it 'checks in' with GitHubIssueService.GetPullRequestStatusAsync. If the PR is waiting on us -> there is no reason to continue to check. Let's update the row in the database. If the PR is closed or does not exist it can be deleted from the database. There should be a thread or task that is continually running and can be 'Booted' at like a Program.cs start. This thread will initially load in all outstanding issues, check to see if they're closed, delete the rows if need be, and then it starts it's 'continuous loop'. IT all should be async. The loop should be identifying which issues are past their 5 minute wait period, and then check in every 30 seconds. We do not need to concern ourselves with multiple processes adding in issues. This is to track issues that were added via the admin panel. So we need to ensure that when we use the GitHubIssueService and Create an issue, it's added to the database via this IssueMonitor so the monitor only needs to check the database on boot. 

## Draft: Implement Draft Stubs
### Agent
Ideally every draft should be a 'stub' in the UI that can be selected. The developer will then add in the body additional details and requirements. Following that, a GitHub issue will be created to create a Plan for the draft with the supplemental information.